General idea:
    Commercialize the tap in fob system we use at EM.

Hardware
Tapping In:
    1. Fobs
    2. Fob reader
    3. Pi 3B to receive and process fob data
    4. Speakers

System
Back end tracking:
    1. Database of users, fob ids, and matches.
    2. Simple API similar to what exists already
    
Front End:
    1. Slack bot
        -They will have to bring it into a channel
        -Simple updates to game status and losers/winners
        -Add links to the leaderboard page.
    2. Dedicated site
        -Leaderboard
        -Admin login to add/remove/update users

Fob Puck:
    1. JS web page like EM. It will have a health ping, and able to receive a refresh page command (to refresh JS code)
    2. It holds game state just like EM system (prevent delay and conflicting ajax calls)
    3. Is a linux distro that does nothing but opens up browser to my page. Each puck installed with a token that maps to client

Hosting
    1. PythonAnywhere setup with remote DB access and Git pull
    2. Sessions for security (hit token page, verify running pi, logs in, everything else restricted)
    3. Make users page. Single login for an admin, and gives lists to make users and assign rfid
    4. Make leaderboard page accisble via token url (big hash, but otherwise open to public). Link from slack.
    5. Make Slack bot based on basic URL hooks (they can install a slackbot and give me url or set it in admin page)

Multiple Games:
    1. Each account can have multiple Game Modes. Setup goes to account level
    2. Each Game Mode can have multiple Tables. Leaderboard goes to Game mode level
    3. Each Table has 1 puck which connects via a unique token.
    4. Puck table has a record of tokens belonging to which puck. This token is set to a table, so pucks can be moved.

TO DO:
    Misc
        Add javascript versioning, and send current version in ping
        If version doesn't match a set version in accounts table, return a refresh and load correct JS version.
    Slack
        Improve the message to show orange or green based on game state.
    User Management
        Make templates for password change
        Make templates/whatever for me to make a user
        Welcome email when they add a player. Need email column and option to send email or not.
    Teams
    Leaderboard at table (Kiosk)
    
Marketing:
    Question: How can I get clients and make this a real business?
    1. Get a single first client. Bug Arpan, if he takes too long, try Joseph. Can even do it for free.
    2. Work with first client to make sure the product is solid.
    3. Once validated with a first client:
        -build pi kit and instructions for easy self-setup and to look cool
        -build marketing site
        -release to slack marketplace
        -paid ads, vancouver foos, hire someone to do sales/marketing.
        -$70/month is worth it. Do 49.99 basic package (25 players, 1 game), 69.99 (100 players, 1 game), $100(250+ players). +$40 per game mode. 

    After a few clients, rebuild it to use AWS lambdas else I will die when pythonanywhere dies.
    Need to support multiple games (multiple pi setup)
